README.md, before:

# Jitsi Meet Electron

Desktop application for [Jitsi Meet] built with [Electron].

![](screenshot.png)

## Features

- [End-to-End Encryption](https://jitsi.org/blog/e2ee/) support (BETA)
- Works with any Jitsi Meet deployment
- Builtin auto-updates
- ~Remote control~ (currently disabled)
- Always-On-Top window
- Support for deeplinks such as `jitsi-meet://myroom` (will open `myroom` on the configured Jitsi instance) or `jitsi-meet://jitsi.mycompany.com/myroom` (will open `myroom` on the Jitsi instance running on `jitsi.mycompany.com`)

## Installation

Download our latest release and you're off to the races!

| Windows | macOS | GNU/Linux (64-bit only) |
| -- | -- | -- |
| [Download](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron/releases/latest/download/jitsi-meet.exe) | [Download](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron/releases/latest/download/jitsi-meet.dmg) | [Download](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron/releases/latest/download/jitsi-meet-x86_64.AppImage) |

### Third-Party builds

[<img src="https://flathub.org/assets/badges/flathub-badge-en.svg"
     alt="Download On Flathub"
     height="60">](https://flathub.org/apps/details/org.jitsi.jitsi-meet)

### Homebrew

For *macOS* user, you can install the application using the following command:

```
brew install --cask jitsi-meet
```

### Using it with your own Jitsi Meet installation

:warning: The following additional HTTP headers are known to break the Electron App:

```
Content-Security-Policy "frame-ancestors [looks like any value is bad]";
X-Frame-Options "DENY";
```

## Development

If you want to hack on this project, here is how you do it.

<details><summary>Show building instructions</summary>

#### Installing dependencies

Install Node.js 12 first (or if you use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), switch to Node.js 12 by running `nvm use`).

<details><summary>Extra dependencies for Windows</summary>

```bash
npm install --global --production windows-build-tools
npm config set msvs_version 2017
```
</details>

<details><summary>Extra dependencies for GNU/Linux</summary>

X11, PNG and zlib development packages are necessary. On Debian-like systems then can be installed as follows:

```bash
sudo apt install libx11-dev zlib1g-dev libpng-dev libxtst-dev
```
</details>

Install all required packages:

```bash
npm install
```

#### Starting in development mode

```bash
npm start
```

The debugger tools are available when running in dev mode and can be activated with keyboard shortcuts as defined here https://github.com/sindresorhus/electron-debug#features.

It can also be displayed automatically from the `SHOW_DEV_TOOLS` environment variable such as:

```bash
SHOW_DEV_TOOLS=true npm start
```

or from the application `--show-dev-tools` command line flag.

#### Building the production distribution

```bash
npm run dist
```

#### Working with jitsi-meet-electron-utils

[jitsi-meet-electron-utils] is a helper package which implements many features
such as remote control and the always-on-top window. If new features are to be
added / tested, running with a local version of these utils is very handy, here
is how to do that.

By default the jitsi-meet-electron-utils is build from its git repository
sources. The default dependency path in package.json is:

```json
"jitsi-meet-electron-utils": "jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron-utils"
```

To work with local copy you must change the path to:

```json
"jitsi-meet-electron-utils": "file:///Users/name/jitsi-meet-electron-utils-copy",
```

To build the project you must force it to take the sources as `npm update` will
not do it.

```bash
npm install jitsi-meet-electron-utils --force
```

NOTE: Also check the [jitsi-meet-electron-utils README] to see how to configure
your environment.

</details>

## Known issues

### Windows

A warning will show up mentioning the app is unsigned upon first install. This is expected.

### macOS

On macOS Catalina a warning will be displayed on first install. The app won't open unless "open" is pressed. This dialog is only shown once.
Builtin auto-updates are not yet handled in macOS due to unsigned build.

### GNU/Linux

There is a known issue which prevents the app from starting on some Linux distributions: [#231](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron/issues/231)

If after downloading it, you can't execute the file directly, try running `chmod u+x ./jitsi-meet-x86_64.AppImage`

The workaround for now is to launch the app like so: `./jitsi-meet-x86_64.AppImage --no-sandbox`

<details><summary>NOTE for old GNU/Linux distributions</summary>

You might get the following error:

```
FATAL:nss_util.cc(632)] NSS_VersionCheck("3.26") failed. NSS >= 3.26 is required.
Please upgrade to the latest NSS, and if you still get this error, contact your
distribution maintainer.
```

If you do, please install NSS (example for Debian / Ubuntu):

```bash
sudo apt-get install libnss3
```

</details>

## License

Apache 2. See the [LICENSE] file.

## Community

Jitsi is built by a large community of developers, if you want to participate,
please join [community forum].

[Jitsi Meet]: https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet
[Electron]: https://electronjs.org/
[latest release]: https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron/releases/latest
[jitsi-meet-electron-utils]: https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron-utils
[jitsi-meet-electron-utils README]: https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron-utils/blob/master/README.md
[community forum]: https://community.jitsi.org/
[LICENSE]: LICENSE

Commit message:

- Changed jitsi to zocial logo

README.md, after:

# Zocial Meet Electron

Desktop application for [Zocial Meet] built with [Electron].

![](screenshot.png)

## Features

- [End-to-End Encryption](https://jitsi.org/blog/e2ee/) support (BETA)
- Works with any Zocial Meet deployment
- Builtin auto-updates
- ~Remote control~ (currently disabled)
- Always-On-Top window
- Support for deeplinks such as `jitsi-meet://myroom` (will open `myroom` on the configured Jitsi instance) or `jitsi-meet://jitsi.mycompany.com/myroom` (will open `myroom` on the Jitsi instance running on `jitsi.mycompany.com`)

## Installation

Download our latest release and you're off to the races!

| Windows | macOS | GNU/Linux (64-bit only) |
| -- | -- | -- |
| [Download](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron/releases/latest/download/jitsi-meet.exe) | [Download](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron/releases/latest/download/jitsi-meet.dmg) | [Download](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron/releases/latest/download/jitsi-meet-x86_64.AppImage) |

### Third-Party builds

[<img src="https://flathub.org/assets/badges/flathub-badge-en.svg"
     alt="Download On Flathub"
     height="60">](https://flathub.org/apps/details/org.jitsi.jitsi-meet)

### Homebrew

For *macOS* user, you can install the application using the following command:

```
brew install --cask jitsi-meet
```

### Using it with your own Zocial Meet installation

:warning: The following additional HTTP headers are known to break the Electron App:

```
Content-Security-Policy "frame-ancestors [looks like any value is bad]";
X-Frame-Options "DENY";
```

## Development

If you want to hack on this project, here is how you do it.

<details><summary>Show building instructions</summary>

#### Installing dependencies

Install Node.js 12 first (or if you use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), switch to Node.js 12 by running `nvm use`).

<details><summary>Extra dependencies for Windows</summary>

```bash
npm install --global --production windows-build-tools
npm config set msvs_version 2017
```
</details>

<details><summary>Extra dependencies for GNU/Linux</summary>

X11, PNG and zlib development packages are necessary. On Debian-like systems then can be installed as follows:

```bash
sudo apt install libx11-dev zlib1g-dev libpng-dev libxtst-dev
```
</details>

Install all required packages:

```bash
npm install
```

#### Starting in development mode

```bash
npm start
```

The debugger tools are available when running in dev mode and can be activated with keyboard shortcuts as defined here https://github.com/sindresorhus/electron-debug#features.

It can also be displayed automatically from the `SHOW_DEV_TOOLS` environment variable such as:

```bash
SHOW_DEV_TOOLS=true npm start
```

or from the application `--show-dev-tools` command line flag.

#### Building the production distribution

```bash
npm run dist
```

#### Working with jitsi-meet-electron-utils

[jitsi-meet-electron-utils] is a helper package which implements many features
such as remote control and the always-on-top window. If new features are to be
added / tested, running with a local version of these utils is very handy, here
is how to do that.

By default the jitsi-meet-electron-utils is build from its git repository
sources. The default dependency path in package.json is:

```json
"jitsi-meet-electron-utils": "jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron-utils"
```

To work with local copy you must change the path to:

```json
"jitsi-meet-electron-utils": "file:///Users/name/jitsi-meet-electron-utils-copy",
```

To build the project you must force it to take the sources as `npm update` will
not do it.

```bash
npm install jitsi-meet-electron-utils --force
```

NOTE: Also check the [jitsi-meet-electron-utils README] to see how to configure
your environment.

</details>

## Known issues

### Windows

A warning will show up mentioning the app is unsigned upon first install. This is expected.

### macOS

On macOS Catalina a warning will be displayed on first install. The app won't open unless "open" is pressed. This dialog is only shown once.
Builtin auto-updates are not yet handled in macOS due to unsigned build.

### GNU/Linux

There is a known issue which prevents the app from starting on some Linux distributions: [#231](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron/issues/231)

If after downloading it, you can't execute the file directly, try running `chmod u+x ./jitsi-meet-x86_64.AppImage`

The workaround for now is to launch the app like so: `./jitsi-meet-x86_64.AppImage --no-sandbox`

<details><summary>NOTE for old GNU/Linux distributions</summary>

You might get the following error:

```
FATAL:nss_util.cc(632)] NSS_VersionCheck("3.26") failed. NSS >= 3.26 is required.
Please upgrade to the latest NSS, and if you still get this error, contact your
distribution maintainer.
```

If you do, please install NSS (example for Debian / Ubuntu):

```bash
sudo apt-get install libnss3
```

</details>

## License

Apache 2. See the [LICENSE] file.

## Community

Jitsi is built by a large community of developers, if you want to participate,
please join [community forum].

[Zocial Meet]: https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet
[Electron]: https://electronjs.org/
[latest release]: https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron/releases/latest
[jitsi-meet-electron-utils]: https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron-utils
[jitsi-meet-electron-utils README]: https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron-utils/blob/master/README.md
[community forum]: https://community.jitsi.org/
[LICENSE]: LICENSE
